Part I of the document contains four chapters. These chapters are those which 
common approaches were found for both building and fire code related topics. 
Chapter 1 includes administrative provisions such as intent, scope and requirements 
related to qualifications, documentation, review, maintenance and change of use or 
occupancy.  This section could be used as a framework for jurisdictions even when 
the ICCPC is not adopted. Provisions for approving acceptable methods are also 
provided in Chapter 1. Chapter 2 provides definitions specific to this ICCPC. 
 
Chapter 3, entitled “Design Performance Levels,” provides the framework for 
determining the appropriate performance desired from a building or facility, based on 
a particular event such as wind, earthquake or fire. Specifically, the user of the code 
may easily determine the expected performance level of a building during an 
earthquake. In the current prescriptive code, the required performance is simply 
prescribed without a method to determine or quantify the level of the building or 
facility’s performance. In other words, all the requirements such as heights and 
areas, sprinklers and structural specifications are indirectly attempting to address the 
hazards buildings are subjected to and the losses society is able to tolerate. Since 
these issues are dealt with indirectly, it is difficult to measure the level of safety 
provided.  Therefore, when applying the alternate materials and methods approach 
for the prescriptive code, it is difficult to determine what is meant by “equivalent.”. The 
designer frequently ends up trying to determine what is considered to be equivalent. 
The problem with the designer determining the intended performance level is that 
such decisions are not technical in nature. Such decisions are value judgments, 
which should ultimately be made by policy makers. This chapter can serve as the link 
between the policy makers and the designers by providing measurable guidance as 
to desired performance.  
 
Finally, Chapter 4 addresses topics of reliability and durability and how these issues 
interact with the overall performance of a building or facility over the life of the 
building or facility. This is an issue that has always been relevant to codes and 
standards but becomes more obvious when a performance code requires a designer 
to consider buildings as a system. Also, there is often a concern that when 
performance designs are implemented, necessary redundancies may be removed. 
For example, greater dependence may be placed on the use of a single active fire 
protection system rather than relying on a combination of passive compartmentation 
and active fire protection systems. It is hoped that a specific focus on the issues of 
reliability and durability within the code document will help to address this concern in 
the future. Reliability includes redundancy, maintenance, durability, quality of 
installation, integrity of the design and, generally, the qualifications of those involved 
with this process.   
 
Parts II and III–Building and Fire 
 
Parts II and III provide topic-specific qualitative statements of intent that relate to 
current prescriptive code requirements. As noted, Parts II and III are building and fire 
components, respectively. The reason the building and fire components were not fully 
integrated was due to the concerns relating to how such a document might be used.  
For instance, a fire department may want to use the document for existing buildings 
or facilities, but would not be able to adopt chapters dealing with issues such as 
structural stability or moisture. Therefore, the code is designed so a fire department 
could adopt only Parts I and III. When Part II is adopted the entire document should 
be adopted, Part III should always be included in the adoption of the performance 
code.   
 
The topic-specific qualitative statements are the basic elements missing from the 
prescriptive codes. The statements, found in Parts II and III, follow a hierarchy, as 
described below. 