part I of the document contain four chapter . these chapter be those which common approach be find for both build and fire code related topic . chapter 1 include administrative provision such as intent , scope and requirement related to qualification , documentation , review , maintenance and change of use or occupancy . this section could be use as a framework for jurisdiction even when the ICCPC be not adopt . provision for approve acceptable method be also provide in chapter 1 . chapter 2 provide definition specific to this ICCPC . chapter 3 , entitle " design performance level , " provide the framework for determine the appropriate performance desire from a build or facility , base on a particular event such as wind , earthquake or fire . specifically , the user of the code may easily determine the expect performance level of a build during an earthquake . in the current prescriptive code , the require performance be simply prescribe without a method to determine or quantify the level of the build or facility ' s performance . in other word , all the requirement such as height and area , sprinkler and structural specification be indirectly attempt to address the hazard building be subject to and the loss society be able to tolerate . since these issue be deal with indirectly , it be difficult to measure the level of safety provide . therefore , when apply the alternate material and method approach for the prescriptive code , it be difficult to determine what be mean by " equivalent . " . the designer frequently end up try to determine what be consider to be equivalent . the problem with the designer determine the intended performance level be that such decision be not technical in nature . such decision be value judgment , which should ultimately be make by policy maker . this chapter can serve as the link between the policy maker and the designer by provide measurable guidance as to desire performance . finally , chapter 4 address topic of reliability and durability and how these issue interact with the overall performance of a build or facility over the life of the build or facility . this be an issue that have always be relevant to code and standard but become more obvious when a performance code require a designer to consider building as a system . also , there be often a concern that when performance design be implement , necessary redundancy may be remove . for example , great dependence may be place on the use of a single active fire protection system rather than rely on a combination of passive compartmentation and active fire protection system . it be hope that a specific focus on the issue of reliability and durability within the code document will help to address this concern in the future . reliability include redundancy , maintenance , durability , quality of installation , integrity of the design and , generally , the qualification of those involve with this process . part ii and III – building and fire part ii and iii provide topic - specific qualitative statement of intent that relate to current prescriptive code requirement . as note , part ii and iii be build and fire component , respectively . the reason the build and fire component be not fully integrated be due to the concern relate to how such a document might be use . for instance , a fire department may want to use the document for exist building or facility , but would not be able to adopt chapter deal with issue such as structural stability or moisture . therefore , the code be design so a fire department could adopt only part I and iii . when part ii be adopt the entire document should be adopt , part iii should always be include in the adoption of the performance code . the topic - specific qualitative statement be the basic element miss from the prescriptive code . the statement , find in part ii and iii , follow a hierarchy , as describe below .