part I of the document contain four chapter . these chapter are those which common approach were found for both build and fire code relat topic . chapter 1 includ administr provis such as intent , scope and requir relat to qualif , document , review , mainten and chang of use or occup . thi section could be use as a framework for jurisdict even when the iccpc is not adopt . provis for approv accept method are also provid in chapter 1 . chapter 2 provid definit specif to thi iccpc . chapter 3 , entitl “ design perform level , ” provid the framework for determin the appropri perform desir from a build or facil , base on a particular event such as wind , earthquak or fire . specif , the user of the code may easili determin the expect perform level of a build dure an earthquak . In the current prescript code , the requir perform is simpli prescrib without a method to determin or quantifi the level of the build or facil ’ s perform . In other word , all the requir such as height and area , sprinkler and structur specif are indirectli attempt to address the hazard build are subject to and the loss societi is abl to toler . sinc these issu are dealt with indirectli , it is difficult to measur the level of safeti provid . therefor , when appli the altern materi and method approach for the prescript code , it is difficult to determin what is meant by “ equivalent. ” . the design frequent end up tri to determin what is consid to be equival . the problem with the design determin the intend perform level is that such decis are not technic in natur . such decis are valu judgment , which should ultim be made by polici maker . thi chapter can serv as the link between the polici maker and the design by provid measur guidanc as to desir perform . final , chapter 4 address topic of reliabl and durabl and how these issu interact with the overal perform of a build or facil over the life of the build or facil . thi is an issu that ha alway been relev to code and standard but becom more obviou when a perform code requir a design to consid build as a system . also , there is often a concern that when perform design are implement , necessari redund may be remov . for exampl , greater depend may be place on the use of a singl activ fire protect system rather than reli on a combin of passiv compartment and activ fire protect system . It is hope that a specif focu on the issu of reliabl and durabl within the code document will help to address thi concern in the futur . reliabl includ redund , mainten , durabl , qualiti of instal , integr of the design and , gener , the qualif of those involv with thi process . part II and iii–build and fire part II and iii provid topic-specif qualit statement of intent that relat to current prescript code requir . As note , part II and iii are build and fire compon , respect . the reason the build and fire compon were not fulli integr wa due to the concern relat to how such a document might be use . for instanc , a fire depart may want to use the document for exist build or facil , but would not be abl to adopt chapter deal with issu such as structur stabil or moistur . therefor , the code is design so a fire depart could adopt onli part I and iii . when part II is adopt the entir document should be adopt , part iii should alway be includ in the adopt of the perform code . the topic-specif qualit statement are the basic element miss from the prescript code . the statement , found in part II and iii , follow a hierarchi , as describ below . 